Fluent bit loki plugin (#5589)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/logging/05-01-logging.md

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|

> | **logcollector.name** | Specifies which log collector will be installed with kyma installation. Kyma support also `fluent-bit` as log collector. | `promtail` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **logcollector.name** | Specifies which log collector will be installed with Kyma installation. Currently, Kyma supports Promtail and Fluent Bit. | `promtail` |
```
